Introducing Amazon Payment Services
===================================

Every business and every customer journey is unique. Amazon Payment
Services offers a flexible range of tools to help you accept payments no
matter what your business requirements are, or how your customers prefer
to pay.

Thousands of online merchants rely on Amazon Payment Services for an
easy-to-integrate route to accepting everyday payments, but we also
deliver highly customizable payment processing capabilities that support
unique use cases.

Key features and services
=========================

On this page, we outline the key features and services offered by Amazon
Payment Services. Follow the included links to the relevant API
documentation pages to read more about the topics that matter to your
business.

Accepting payments
------------------

We offer you several options when it comes to accepting payments on your
website, or in your app. **Your choice of integration route will depend
on the complexity of your payment processing requirements, and on the
the development resources available to you.**

Businesses with straightforward payment processing needs should consider
our easy-to-implement [standard integration route](22a.md) for
efficient payments that deliver a great customer experience.
Alternatively, you can opt for [custom merchant page
integration](22b.md) if you have unique requirements. Or, choose
redirection for minimal coding.

No developer resources? Simply use our straightforward [shopping cart
plugins](22d.md) for popular platforms including Magento,
Shopify and WooCommerce to name just a few. We also offer [manual order
processing](33.md) for offline transactions.

Get ready for mobile payments using our [mobile SDKs for in-app
payments](23b.md) in both Android and iOS. Or, if your business
has sufficient development resources, consider [custom-building your own
in-app payment processing](23e.md) using the customer merchant
integration route. No app? Simply use our tools to fine-tune your
website for a [mobile-friendly experience](23a.md).

Complex payment processing
--------------------------

You can accommodate more complex payment processing requirements thanks
to our [recurring payments API](32.md). We also offer the
capability to [batch-process](36.md) payment commands and the
ability to [bulk-send invoices](35.md) via an email which
includes a payment link.

Companies that require a flexible, technology-driven payments partner to
accommodate unique technical requirements can rely on us for a range of
payment solutions that can deliver discrete functionality anywhere along
the payments workflow.

Localization and local payment methods
--------------------------------------

Amazon Payment Services has agreements in place with several local
payment networks. As a result, you can offer your customers the ability
to pay using a range of popular [local payment methods](44.md)
-- from debit cards right through to installment agreements.

Your customers can also enjoy a localized shopping experience. For
example, you can publish prices in the currency your customer is
familiar with thanks to our [live currency conversion
service](42.md). We also make it easy to [communicate in a
language](41.md) that your customer understands: you can
configure the language used on the payment form, and the language used
to communicate transaction results.

Security, anti-fraud, and risk management measures
--------------------------------------------------

Keep payment processing safe and secure for your customers, and for your
business, thanks to Amazon Payment Services' integrated and customizable
security features. Choose from our [standard anti-fraud
service](52.md), or [upgrade your fraud protection](53.md).

Customers that pay with a card that is [enrolled in 3D
Secure](54a.md) can effortlessly pay as they normally would. You
can also [customize the 3D Secure experience](54b.md) to ensure
that your customers experience minimum friction when checking out. You
can even use an [external 3D Secure partner](54b.md) if you
prefer to do so.

Amazon Payment Services also accommodates unique security requirements.
For example, PCI-compliant merchants can directly tap our powerful
payment processing capabilities [via the trusted channel](37.md).

Back office management
----------------------

Monitor your incoming payments in real time using our [extensive set of
back office tools](60.md), and query individual
transactions to see exactly what happened when a
transaction was processed. You can also [customize your notifications settings](64.md) to match your requirements.

We also offer direct access to your [payment data via our API](63.md) which enables you to develop a custom application
that monitors and mines payment processing data, delivering the unique
insights you require.

Get in touch
------------

This page is just an overview of the extensive features our customers
enjoy. If you have any questions, or if you want to talk to us about
unique requirements, simply get in touch. Email the team at
<merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
