Creating a merchant account
===========================

Setting up a merchant account with Amazon Payment Services is easy, but
you need to complete a few key steps to successfully create an account.

First, you need to get in touch with us to kick off the registration
process. Merchants also need to set up specific financial arrangements
to be able to accept online payments.

Finally, to ensure a good customer experience for both merchants and
their customers, we complete a merchant certification process before you
go live.

Starting the sign-up process
----------------------------

Every merchant has unique requirements and we want to ensure that we
fully accommodate your specific payment needs as you start using Amazon
Payment Services.

That's why we initiate sign-up with a one to one conversation that takes
an in-depth look at your business requirements, recommending the best
payment integration routes, and flagging potential issues.

We also outline which financial arrangements you need to make explain
what you need to do to pass merchant certification.

Get started by simply [completing our sign-up form](https://paymentservices.amazon.com/get-started/){target=_blank}.


Setting up financial arrangements
---------------------------------

To accept payments your business will need financial arrangements beyond
your relationship with Amazon Payment Services -- starting with a bank
account for your business.

The financial arrangements that you need to put into place in order to
start processing payments depend on a range of factors including the
country your business is in, and which payment methods you wish to
accept.

You may also need specific arrangements with third parties for some
aspects of payment processing -- by signing up for Apple Pay, for
example.

Amazon Payment Services will carefully step you through the necessary
requirements to ensure that your business has all the required financial
arrangements in place to accept payments safely and securely, and to
move cleared funds into your bank account.

Merchant certification
----------------------

Once you have fully integrated Amazon Payment Services into your
ecommerce workflow you will need to pass our merchant certification
process in order to obtain your live, production credentials.

The merchant certification process works roughly as follows:

1.  You inform us that you have completed payment integration and that
    you are ready to move from the test environment to the production
    environment by emailing merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com.

2.  You need to ensure that your website is reachable over the public
    internet and that you have provided us with any access credentials
    required to process a transaction.

3.  Our support team will request a test website so that we can attempt
    to execute test transactions.

4.  You will get a report back from our support team that highlights any
    open issues found in your payment integration -- anywhere along the
    transaction flow.

5.  We will suggest recommendations if any.

6.  When all open issues are resolved we will ask you to confirm the
    following:

    a.  That you are consistently verifying the SHA-encrypted response
        signature before you accept a response from our server, as a
        safety measure.

    b.  That your server handles responses generated by the direct API
        feedback call we generate to ensure that your server still
        receives a response, even where customers fail to successfully
        redirect to the return URL on your website.

Finally, if you chose to integrate payment processing into your native
Android or iOS app, and if you did so using our mobile SDK, we will
check that the SDK version in your app is the latest version available
to you.

Response handling is an integral part of the merchant certification
process. We encourage merchants to [read more about response handling here](38.md).

Thanks to our certification process you can rest assured that your
payment processing infrastructure is configured to always provide a
great experience for your customers -- and to deliver resiliency year
in, year out.

### Get in touch

Starting to accept payments can seem daunting -- but it is really
simple. We've helped countless merchants take the first steps. If you
have any questions or concerns just get in touch -- email the team at
merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com.
