Website integration
===================

Want to start accepting payments on your website? Great! Amazon Payment
Services gives you three convenient options. Alternatively, if you use
one of the popular pre-built online shopping suites, you can easily add
payment processing through our product-specific integration tools.

All website payment integration routes offer you the ability to accept
the same broad selection of payment methods. However, each integration
route has specific advantages, so read the descriptions below and take a
moment to consider your requirements before you choose.

Standard merchant page integration 
----------------------------------

Standard merchant page integration from Amazon Payment Services uses an
HTML iframe to insert a customizable payment form right into your
checkout page. It is easy to integrate into your existing website and
offers your customers a seamless experience.

Merchant page integration means that your customer completes a payment
form on your website, your customer is not redirected to a different
site. Choose standard merchant page integration for a fast way to add an
integrated, seamless payment experience to your site.

[Read more about standard merchant page integration
here](22a.md).

Custom merchant page integration
--------------------------------

Amazon Payment Services also offers you the option to build your own
payment form to directly connect with our payment processing API. It is
called custom merchant page integration. The custom route means that you
build your own payment form that captures payment data and that directly
submits that data to Amazon Payment Services for payment authorization.

Custom merchant page integration is a good choice if you want the
highest level of on-page customization, or if your ecommerce use case
has unique technical requirements.

[Read more about custom merchant page integration here.](22b.md)

Redirection to payment gateway
------------------------------

An alternative way to add payment processing to your site is to redirect
your users to our server for payment processing. Redirection does not
offer your users the same seamless experience compared to merchant page
integration because it involves a redirection step to a separate
website. However, redirection still offers a safe, trusted way for your
customers to pay.

Consider redirection if you have a unique use case or technical barrier,
or if you want to make minimal changes to your site code. Otherwise we
recommend standard merchant page integration for a better customer
experience.

[Read more about redirection to payment gateway here](22c.md).

Integrating popular e-commerce suites
-------------------------------------

Amazon Payment Services offers effortless integration with most popular
ecommerce suites. Whether you use Magento, PrestaShop, Shopify or
WooCommerce you can quickly start accepting payments via Amazon Payment
Services.

[Visit this page for more information](22d.md) and
product-specific integration guides.

### PCI Compliance

Note that, if implemented correctly, all four integration routes we
describe below imply that sensitive payment card data is handled
exclusively by Amazon Payment Services. Your site never receives,
handles or stores payment card data.

Instead, the integration routes described on this page involve a form
action that directly submits payment card data to Amazon Payment
Services. If you implement any of the integration routes on this page
and if you do so correctly your website should not be required to pass
PCI compliance standards.

Get in touch
------------

Any questions about which website integration route to choose? Just get
in touch -- email the team on <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com> for advice on
integration routes and best practice.
