Custom merchant page integration
================================

Our standard merchant page integration template offers a customizable
but rapid way to start accepting payments on your website. However, you
can achieve an even greater degree of customization by building your own
payment form to accommodate your unique use-case, business logic, or
technical requirements.

We call it custom merchant page integration. When you choose our custom
merchant page integration route you build a custom form that collects
payment details and that sends these payment details to the Amazon
Payment Services server for authorization.

By doing so you gain full control the form that collects payment card
data. You use your own form design to collect payment card details.
Unlike [standard merchant page integration](22a.md) this
integration route does not use an integrated iframe.





A custom merchant page integration form in action

When should you use custom merchant page integration?
-----------------------------------------------------

Custom merchant page integration is a good choice if you want to build a
highly customized payment experience, or if you want to accommodate a
unique use case or challenging technical requirements.

Taking the Custom Merchant Page Integration route results in the same
trusted, robust payment processing as our standard integration but it
does offer you more opportunity to fine tune what exactly your customers
see.

Note that your form still submits sensitive payment card data directly
to Amazon Payment Services. Configured correctly, your custom merchant
page integration will not submit sensitive payment card data to your own
server.

However, we expect that most merchants would choose standard merchant
page integration. Also note that we offer a specific route for recurring
payments.

Mobile in-app payments
----------------------

Custom merchant payment integration is a great way to enable in-app
payments in your Android or iOS app. You will need to code your own
payment experience that allows your customers to pay inside your mobile
app. To do so you have access to the full Amazon Payment Services API --
via the custom merchant page integration route.

As an alternative you could consider the Android and iOS mobile SDK that
enables native in-app payments but our SDK offers less customization --
and updates to our SDK may require you to submit your app for review in
the respective app store at a cadence outside of your development
schedule.

How does it work in practice?
-----------------------------

If you choose the custom merchant page integration route you are
responsible to code a form that captures your customer's payment details
and that submits these details to our server using defined parameters.
You integrate your custom form on your checkout page.

There is no need to change the look and feel of your merchant site. You
can customize the iframe to match your site. Simply insert the Amazon
Payment Services iframe in the section of your page where you want to
accept credit card payments.

In practice, custom merchant page integration works like this:

1.  You develop a custom payment form that collects the credit card
    details including card number, expiry date, CVV number.

2.  Your customer fills in their card details in the custom payment form
    on your checkout page.

3.  The Amazon Payment Services server receives the card details and
    attempts to authorize the customer's payment.

4.  Amazon Payment Services sends a confirmation to your checkout page
    to complete the transaction, this confirmation includes a token.

5.  You use the token to complete the Authorization or Purchase
    operation.

👆 Your payment form must never send sensitive payment card data to your
website. Your form must be coded to send data directly to the Amazon
Payment Services server.

Note that you must correctly and adequately handle transaction feedback
when you implement custom merchant page integration. Every payment
transaction that you process will trigger a response -- and your website
must be able to interpret and respond to the transaction feedback. [Read
more about transaction feedback here](38.md).

Payment workflow
----------------

Customer merchant page integration gives your customer a highly
customized, seamless experience. But what happens in the background?
This is the workflow when you use the standard merchant page
integration:

1.  Your customer begins the checkout process on your website.

2.  Your website displays your custom payment form to capture your
    customer's card details.

3.  The customer enters their card details on the payment page.

4.  Amazon Payment Services verifies that the card details are correct.

5.  Next, Amazon Payment Services creates a token for the transaction
    and sends it to your payment page.

6.  Your payment page sends a JSON request along with the token to
    Amazon Payment Services.

7.  If your customer's bank uses 3D Secure, and if a check is required,
    your page will receive a 3D Secure URL (3DS URL) from the Amazon
    Payment Services server and a response indicating that a 3D Secure
    verification will take place:

    i.  The payment page redirects the customer to the 3D Secure Access
        Control Server (ACS) to verify card enrollment.

    ii. The customer enters their authentication data on the ACS page.

    iii. The ACS attempts to authenticate the customer's data and sends
         the authentication results to Amazon Payment Services.

8.  Amazon Payment Services completes the operation based on the 3D
    Secure response.

9.  The payment authentication result is sent to your site.

👆 If you included a token in the request sent to us (by using the
token_name parameter) and if the token you provided has already been
associated with an successful authorization, Amazon Payment Services
will render an iframe that displays the customer's masked payment card
number and expiry date.

👆 When we refer to any of: *payment processing page*, *payment form*, or
*payment details form* we are always referring to the payment page on
your site. In other words, the area on your website where your customer
entered payment details.

Tokenization and custom merchant page integration 
-------------------------------------------------

Tokenization is also critical to the operation of the custom merchant
page integration. A token is always generated, but it is your choice to
make use of tokens to enable the retention of payment card data -- if
your customer agrees.

Learn more about merchant page integration and tokenization here. For
full coverage of tokenization, read this page.


Form submission and response
----------------------------

The form you developed will submit a request in a form post. This
request will contain the required parameters -- visit this page in our
API reference for a list of parameters.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

This page is intended to help you understand how the custom merchant
page integration route works. Developers should [review the full API reference](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#custom-merchant-page-integration){target=_self}
for complete instructions on how to implement custom merchant page
integration including a full list of parameters and the relevant
endpoints.

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at
[merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com](mailto:merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com).
