Redirection to payment gateway
==============================

Redirection is an alternative way to incorporate payment processing into
your checkout experience. Redirection can suit certain technical and
use-case requirements, but redirection does not deliver the optimal
customer experience.

Standard or custom merchant page integration offers the best customer
experience, but it does require you to integrate Amazon Payment Services
into your website code.


Instead of website integration, you can choose to redirect customers to
the Amazon Payment Services server to complete payment. Redirect
minimizes the coding and modifications made to your website.

Just like our standard and custom merchant integration routes,
redirection supports common global card networks including America
Express, Mastercard, and Visa as well as local payments methods and
digital wallets.

When should you use redirection?
--------------------------------

If your website has unique technical characteristics, or if you have an
unusual use case, you may find that redirection is the best option for
you.

Redirection may also be a good choice where you need the fastest route
to adding payment capabilities to your website, or where your developer
resources are constrained.

We recommend that you choose the standard or the custom merchant page
integration routes if either route is a sensible alternative to
redirection. Website integration offers your customers a better payment
experience.

How does it work in practice?
-----------------------------

With redirection, you authorize a customer's payment by sending your
customer to an Amazon Payment Services gateway page for payment.

To process a payment, your site displays a checkout page where your
customer agrees to a total amount to pay.

When clicking next, your customer is sent to a payment page on the
Amazon Payment Services server where your customer's card details are
captured and authorized. On completion, your customer is redirected to
the merchant site.

In practice, redirection works like this:

1.  Your checkout page displays a total payable amount and a payment
    button.

2.  Your customer clicks the button to initiate payment and is then
    redirected to a page on a website that is distinct from your
    website. This website is hosted by Amazon Payment Services.

3.  Your customer completes their payment details on the payment page
    that is hosted on the Amazon Payment services website.

4.  The Amazon Payment Services server attempts to authorize the
    payment, presenting a 3D Secure page if the card is enrolled with 3D
    Secure.

5.  Amazon Payment Services sends your customer back to your site and
    sends a confirmation to your checkout page so that you can complete
    the transaction.

Note that you must correctly and adequately handle transaction feedback
even when you make use of the redirection route. Every payment
transaction that you process will trigger a response -- and your website
must be able to interpret and respond to the transaction feedback. Read
more about transaction feedback [here](/38.html){target=_self}.

Customizing redirection
-----------------------

Redirection directs your customer's browser to an Amazon Payment
Services page to enter their payment details. However, you still have
the opportunity to customize the landing page so that there is a clear
link between your website and the payment page hosted with Amazon
Payment Services.

For example, you can include the logo of your business and edit the
colors and fonts used on the payment page.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

This page is intended to help you understand how the redirection
integration route works. Developers should [review the full API
reference](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#redirection){target=_self}
for complete instructions on how to implement redirection including a
full list of parameters and the relevant endpoints.

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
