Mobile integration
==================

You can offer your customers a mobile-friendly shopping experience
thanks to Amazon Payment Services' range of mobile payment processing
tools. Effortlessly enable mobile shopping experiences -- whether it's
mobile-friendly checkout on your website, in-app payments, or Apple Pay.

Mobile payment integration routes
---------------------------------

You have four options to add mobile-friendly payment processing to your
website. Each option has pros and cons and you should carefully evaluate
your requirements, the needs of your customers, and your access to
development skills before choosing.

### Mobile-friendly website checkout

Don't have an Android or iOS app? You can facilitate seamless
mobile-friendly payments by making use of our standard or custom
merchant page integration. However, you must make the effort to
customize your checkout experience to fit responsive design objectives.
Doing so ensures that mobile users can easily access and use your
payment form on small-screen devices.

[You can read more mobile-friendly website checkout
here](23a.md).

### Custom in-app payment integration

If you have developed an Android or iOS app for your business we
recommend that you invest just a little bit more time to custom-code an
in-app payment process into your app. You can accomplish this using the
custom merchant page integration route we offer for web-based payments,
which connects directly to our payment processing API.

Read more about building your own, [custom in-app payment processing
capabilities](23e.md) using our APIs.

### In-app payments using our mobile SDKs

An alternative to custom-coding your in-app payment integration is using
our pre-packed mobile SDK for Android and our SDK for iOS. Integrating
in-app payments using our SDKs reduces your coding effort, allows you to
customize your in-app payment experience, and avoids inconveniencing
your customers with redirection to a mobile browser.

We cover our [Android SDK here](23c.md) and [our iOS SDK
here](23d.md).

### Redirection to mobile browser

In some cases, even where you have a native mobile app, you may choose
to redirect users of your mobile app to view a payment page in their
mobile web browser.

Indeed, in the past, redirection to a mobile browser used to be the
accepted way to complete mobile payments. However mobile redirection
offers a poor user experience and for this reason this payment
integration method has fallen out of use

We recommend that business that have established mobile apps do not
resort to using mobile redirection for payment processing. However the
option is available to you if you wish to do so.

Get in touch
------------

Any questions which mobile integration route to choose? Just get in
touch -- email the team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com> for advice on
integration routes and best practice.
