Mobile-friendly website checkout
================================

Even if your business does not currently have an Android or iOS app you
can still offer your customers a great mobile checkout experience using
web-based payment integration.

All that you need to do to ensure that your web-based mobile payment
experience works effortlessly for your customers is to customize your
website payment process to account for the unique requirements of mobile
users. Let's take a look.

Mobile web-based payment process
--------------------------------

Customers that use your website to pay for goods and services on their
mobile device follow a similar workflow to customers that pay using your
website on a desktop or laptop computer:

1.  Your customer visits your responsive, mobile-friendly website, and
    shops as usual.

2.  Once your customer completed shopping your customer checks out on a
    responsive web page using their mobile device.

3.  You render an integrated payment form that you have customized to
    offer a good experience on a mobile device.

4.  Your customer completes their payment card details on the form.

5.  You submit your customer's card details to Amazon Payment Services
    as you normally would.

Even though in-app payment would be the preferred mobile payment
experience, a sufficiently customized web-based mobile payment page can
still offer your customers a good customer experience.

Integrating web-based mobile payments
-------------------------------------

You can start accepting payments on your mobile-friendly website using
our [standard merchant page integration route](22a.md) which
makes use of an iframe on your checkout page to render the payment
fields.

Alternatively, you could choose to custom-code a payment form using our
custom merchant page integration route.

For integration workflow, sample code, and links to API references,
please [view our standard merchant page integration
content](22a.md) here, or [read up on custom merchant page
integration](22b.md).

Note you must customize your merchant page integration to accommodate
the unique requirements of small-screen, mobile devices. Responsive
coding is essential.

As a last resort, [you could opt for redirection](22c.md), which
would work just like redirection in the desktop shopping experience.
However, we urge caution in choosing redirection as it can harm the
customer experience.

Get in touch
------------

Need help in adjusting your website payment page to fit mobile screens?
Just get in touch -- email the team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com> for advice
on customizing our merchant page integration routes to fit a
mobile-first world.
