Mobile App SDKs
===============

Easily integrate native, in-app mobile payments right into your Android
or iOS app by using the Amazon Payment Services mobile SDK.

When you integrate in-app payment processing your customers no longer
need to follow the time-consuming and complex route of redirection to a
mobile browser to pay.

Our pre-packaged SDKs require less development effort and skills
compared to custom-coding your own in-app payment experience.

Using our Android and iOS SDKs you can deliver a seamless in-app
checkout experience, minimizing the chance that your customer abandons a
purchase before completion.

Mobile App SDK Features
-----------------------

**Native in-app payment**. In the past, customers that made a purchase
in your app would be redirected to a mobile browsing session to complete
payment. It is an inconvenient experience for customers, and customers
can lose trust, abandoning the purchase. Instead, the mobile app SDK
ensures that your customer completes the entire transaction in-app.

**Fully secure**. Your customers enjoy the same, trusted Amazon Payment
Services experience in-app when you make use of the mobile app SDK. Card
details are transmitted across a fully secure layer and authentication
is securely handled by Amazon Payment Services.

**Fully customized**. The Amazon Payment Services mobile SDK is fully
customizable, giving your customers a native experience on both Android
and iOS devices.

When should you use the mobile app SDK?
---------------------------------------

If your business has an Android or iOS app that your customers use to
buy goods or services we will almost always recommend that you choose to
integrate payment processing by accepting in-app payments.

A faster route to enabling in-app payments is to use our mobile app SDK
which delivers a much better customer experience in comparison to
redirecting customers to a mobile browser for payment. While redirecting
to a mobile browser was a common practice in the past, most users now
expect a purchase experience that is native and fully contained within
your app.

Our mobile app SDK offers a faster alternative compared to writing
custom code by delivering the essential payment processing code you need
in a single package. However, if you have enough development resources
you should consider custom-coding your in-app payment experience by
directly tapping the Amazon Payment Services APIs.

Read more about custom-coding in-app payment processing here.

Mobile SDK integration workflow
-------------------------------

Every time your customer initiates an in-app payment your app sends a
request to the Amazon Payment Services server for a new authentication
token to authenticate the use of the SDK. The remainder of the payment
process is roughly similar to our other integration routes.

This is the workflow when you use the mobile SDK integration:

1.  Your application initiates the Amazon Payment Services mobile SDK
    and passes the relevant parameters to the Amazon Payment Services
    mobile SDK.

2.  The Amazon Payment Services mobile SDK starts a secure connection
    and sends the received parameters to the Amazon Payment Services API
    to be validated.

3.  Amazon Payment Services returns the validation response.

4.  Next, the mobile SDK submits the cardholder's data to the Amazon
    Payment Services API to process the order.

5.  The API validates and processes the order with the customer's bank.

6.  The API returns the Amazon Payment Services response to the SDK.

7.  In turn, the mobile SDK returns the Amazon Payment Services response
    to the 
    corresponding callback method.

Optionally, your mobile interaction with the Amazon Payment Services
server can also be configured to include direct communication with your
server.

The integration process is slightly different for Android and for iOS.
See more details about the Amazon Payment Services Android SDK
integration or read up on iOS SDK integration.

API authentication tokens for the Mobile SDK
--------------------------------------------

A unique mobile SDK authentication token is required for every request
sent to the SDK. You use the mobile SDK authentication token every time
you process a payment operation through the mobile SDK.

Note that a unique authentication token must be created for each
transaction. Each authentication token has a limited lifespan of just
one hour. The authentication token will expire after an hour if no new
request is sent from the same device.

👆 Creating and initiating a mobile SDK authentication token is the
responsibility of your app.

Android SDK developer reference
-------------------------------


Publish an Android app? Developers should
download the <a href="https://github.com/payfort" target="_blank">Github</a> repository and [read our Android SDK](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//pdf/Android_Merchant_Integration_Guide_v3.6.2.pdf){target=_self}. documentation.



iOS SDK developer reference
----------------------

Publish an iOS app? Developers should
download the <a href="https://github.com/payfort" target="_blank">Github</a> repository and [read our iOS SDK](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//pdf/iOS_Merchant_Integration_Guide_v3.6.2.pdf){target=_self}.documentation.

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at
[merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com](mailto:merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com).
