Integrating the iOS SDK
=======================

Make it easy for iOS users to buy from your business by enabling
customers that use iOS devices to make in-app payments conveniently and
effortlessly -- including checking out with Apple Pay. You can do so
rapidly by integrating the Amazon Payment Services iOS SDK into your iOS
app.

This page will help you understand how the Amazon Payment Services
mobile SDK for iOS works, and explains how you can use our iOS SDK to
offer a safe and trusted in-app payment experience for your iOS mobile
app.

As an alternative you may want to consider custom-coding your in-app
payment processing by making direct use of our APIs, [you can read more
about custom coding in-app payments here](23e.md).

iOS SDK support
---------------

The Amazon Payment Services iOS SDK is supported on devices running iOS
8 and above. We support both English and Arabic in our iOS SDK, but note
that there is no support for landscape orientation: our SDK only
supports the portrait orientation.

👆 Note that the iOS mobile SDK does not offer the same range of payment
options as our web-based integration routes. This version of the iOS
mobile SDK can only process payments made with an ordinary debit or
credit card. The supported card payment options are Visa, Mastercard,
American Express, Mada, and Meeza.

Setting up your iOS project
---------------------------

You need an OS X-based computer (Mac) to complete these steps. You can
choose to code in either Objective-C or in Swift. Swift is the latest
programming environment from Apple.

To get started you need to download the iOS SDK and extract it. We
provide a step by step guide to adding our SDK to the Project Navigator
in the API reference page for the iOS SDK. Note that the integration
steps for Objective-C and Swift are slightly different.

Hiding the Amazon Payment Services loading prompt
-------------------------------------------------

You have the option to hide the "loading" prompt while the Amazon
Payment Services SDK is initializing the connection request. You can
disable the loading prompt by setting the HideLoading option to yes (or
true) as shown in the sample code. If you are using Objective-C then you
have to set it to yes, if you are using Swift you have to set it to
true. Please refer to below code.

Custom design for the in-app payment view
-----------------------------------------

The payment view is what your customers see when they attempt to make a
payment in your merchant app on their mobile device. The payment view is
there to help your customer complete an in-app payment.

You can create your own custom UI theme for the in-app payment view by
doing the following:

-   Create a nibFile .xib and set the name of Arabic xib to match the
    name of the English xib, with suffix -ar.

-   Link the xib with PayFortView and bind all the IBOutlets in
    interface section as shown in the code example below.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

This page is intended to help you understand how the iOS SDK works.
Developers should review the full API reference [for complete instructions on how to implement our iOS SDK](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//pdf/iOS_Merchant_Integration_Guide_v3.6.2.pdf){target=_self},
including a full list of parameters and iOS-specific instructions.

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
