Custom mobile API integration
=============================

You can give your customers a flawless in-app mobile payment experience
by custom-coding in-app payment processing for your Android or iOS app.
In-app payments are a far superior way to handle mobile payment
processing as it removes the need to redirect customers to a mobile
browser for payment.

Note that Amazon Payment Services also offers [mobile SDKs for both
Android and iOS](23b.md). Each SDK contains prepackaged code
that will help you integrate in-app payments with relatively little
effort. However, custom-coded in-app payment processing can offer your
customers a better experience.

That is why we recommend that businesses with sufficient developer
resources consider custom-coding in-app payment integration by directly
connecting with the Amazon Payment Services APIs.

How does custom mobile payment integration work?
------------------------------------------------

Amazon Payment Services offers a range of APIs that enables you to
connect to our payment processing capabilities. Instead of using a
standardized integration method such as our standard merchant
integration or one of our mobile SDKs you can choose to code the
integration yourself.

That is similar to the process we outline for website integration on the
[custom merchant integration page](22b.md) in this guide. You
can use the tools we outline on our custom merchant integration page to
develop an in-app payment experience that connects directly to the
Amazon Payment Services APIs.

Note that if you choose the custom integration route the full
responsibility of developing a working payment processing workflow rests
with your development team as you need to code the payment processing
connections and workflow from scratch.

What is the benefit of custom integration vs. SDKs?
---------------------------------------------------

There are two key benefits to custom-coding your in-app payment
integration which you must take into account when choosing between
integration based on the pre-packaged SDK, and custom coded integration.

First, you can offer your customers a slicker experience by finely
tuning your mobile integration to exacting specifications -- in contrast
to the slightly more rigid nature of our mobile integration SDKs.

However, there is a second important consideration. Whenever you update
your app you need to re-submit your app to the Google Play Store
(Android) or the App Store (iOS).

Importantly, any updates made to the Amazon Payment Services SDK will
require an update to your app. By consequence, any updates made to the
Amazon Payment Services SDK will mean that you must re-submit your app
for review in the relevant app store.

We would generally recommend that you choose the custom integration
route if you have the necessary development resources. Doing so offers
your more customization options and removes the need to unnecessarily
re-submit your app for approval.

You can view the full API reference [on this
page](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html){target=_self}.

Get in touch
------------

Any questions on which mobile integration route to choose and whether
custom coding is the best option for you? Just get in touch -- email the
team on <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com> for advice on integration routes and best
practice.
