Payment methods
===============

Whether you use our web or mobile payment integration routes you
automatically get access to a wide range of payment methods including
traditional payment cards, digital wallets, and financing arrangements.

On this page we briefly outline the different payment methods supported
by Amazon Payment Services, follow the links to get in-depth coverage of
how each payment method works.

Card payments
-------------

Shoppers still commonly use physical payment cards including debit and
credit cards for online shopping. Amazon Payment Services supports all
the popular global payment card networks including American Express,
Mastercard and Visa.

You can also effortlessly process payments for customers that hold cards
enrolled in 3D Secure thanks to our comprehensive 3D Secure support.

[Read more about card payments here](24a.md).

Digital wallets
---------------

Payment cards are convenient way to securely pay for goods and services
online, but many shoppers prefer to store their payment cards in a
digital wallet -- and to check out using a digital wallet for payment
authorization.

You can allow your customers to use common digital wallets including
Apple Pay, Masterpass and Visa Checkout.

[Read more about integrating digital wallets here](24b.md).

Installments
------------

Give your customers a convenient way to spread the cost of large
purchases by integrating our installments facility into your checkout
process.

Installments are payment agreements charged to your customer's credit
card over an agreed period of time. Merchants, however, receive the full
purchase amount up front. Installments are supported in Egypt, the KSA
and the UAE.

[Read more about installments here](24c.md).

Buy Now, Pay Later
----

Amazon Payment Services has a partnership with Egypt-based valU that
enables consumers in Egypt to pay for purchases online using a loan
facility. It is called Buy Now, Pay Later.

With Buy Now, Pay Later, you receive the full transaction amount up front, while your
customer repays the amount via an arrangement with valU.

[Read more about Buy Now, Pay Later here](24d.md).

Get in touch
------------

Email the team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com> if you have any questions about
which payment methods we accept or want to know more about integrating
the different payment methods.
