Card payments
=============

Amazon Payment Services makes it easy to accept card payments from all
the major global card networks. We also support many popular local
payment methods.

We [fully support 3D Secure](54.md) so that your customers can
effortlessly pay with cards enrolled in 3D Secure. Thanks to end-to-end
tokenization you can also offer your customers the convenience of
completing payment without verifying their full card details every time
that they shop.

Global card networks
--------------------

If you use Amazon Payment Services you can offer your customers a
convenient checkout process no matter which global card network your
customer's payment card is connected to. We support all of the most
popular global payment card networks, including:

-   American Express

-   Mastercard

-   Visa

For the above networks, we would support all standard cards issued on
that network -- including debit, credit, and charge cards. For example,
we support both Visa debit cards, and credit cards issued on the Visa
network.

Local card payments
-------------------

You can expand your business reach by accepting local payment methods.
It gives your customers a better checkout experience: your customers can
now pay using the card they like the most, in their local currency.

At the time of writing Amazon Payment Services supports country-specific
payment methods in the following locations:

-   Egypt

-   KSA (Saudi Arabia)

-   Kuwait

-   Oman

-   Qatar

For more information read our page on [local payment
methods](44.md) under the localization section.

Get in touch
------------

Do you have specific questions about payment card acceptance or local
payment methods? Just get in touch -- email the team at
<merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
