Digital Wallets
===============

Digital wallets offer shoppers a more convenient way to manage the
payment cards that they carry in their wallets every day. Instead of
retyping card details every time that they shop, customers can store the
details of each of their payment cards in a digital wallet and pay by
referring to a saved payment card.


During checkout, a shopper authorizes a payment using the digital
wallet. Their preferred wallet will allow them to choose the card that
they want to bill their shopping to.

You can readily accommodate customers that enjoy using digital wallets
thanks to our built-in support for a range of popular digital wallets.

Benefits of supporting digital wallets
--------------------------------------

Amazon Payment Services supports three popular digital wallets: Apple
Pay, Masterpass, and Visa Checkout. Accepting payments via digital
wallets offers two key benefits:

-   Paying via a digital wallet is more convenient for your customers.
    So, by accepting digital wallets, you ensure that your customers
    never choose a competitor simply because you don't accept payments
    via digital wallets.

-   Digital wallets reduce the risk of fraud because your customer does
    not need to enter their payment card details when they pay.

Where possible we suggest that you give your customers the ability to
pay using a digital wallet by integrating digital wallet payments into
your checkout page.

There are no additional fees for processing transactions via digital
wallets. However, you do need to take specific actions to add the
ability to accept digital wallet payments to your checkout page.

How does a digital wallet work?
-------------------------------

Every digital wallet works in a slightly different way, but merchants
will observe similar business logic across all the digital wallets that
we support. In practice, authorizing a payment using a digital wallet
works like this:

1.  Your checkout page includes a list of digital wallet logos

2.  A customer that prefers to pay with a digital wallet clicks on their
    wallet of choice to proceed with payment.

3.  The customer's choice is sent to Amazon Payment Services alongside
    the amount to be charged.

4.  Amazon Payment Services connects to the digital wallet and renders a
    digital wallet lightbox.

5.  Your customer interacts with the lightbox by authenticating their
    account and selecting their preferred payment card.

6.  The digital wallet confirms the transaction with Amazon Payment
    Services and we send a payment confirmation to your website.

Set up correctly, your customers will enjoy a seamless digital wallet
payment experience right on your website, with no need to redirect your
customers to a separate page for payment authentication.

How do I start accepting digital wallet payments?
-------------------------------------------------

You must integrate each of the three digital wallets that we support one
at a time. There is no automatic way to offer access to every popular
digital wallet in one step.

Depending on the digital wallet you are integrating the steps will
differ slightly, and you may need a separate agreement with the digital
wallet provider before you can accept payments through that digital
wallet.

In practice, integrating a digital wallet will work as follows:

1.  Sign up and create an account with the digital wallet provider if
    you need to do so.

2.  Integrate the digital wallet provider into your payment form and
    include a visual indicator when you display your payment form --
    typically, the digital wallet logo.

3.  Connect Amazon Payment Services with your digital wallet facility.

4.  Test the digital wallet integration and go live.

For more details about integrating digital wallets into your payment
form please visit our API reference.

Apple Pay
---------


For users of iOS devices, Apple Pay is a very convenient way to pay.
Customers authorize payments by using their preferred authentication
method -- passcode, Face ID, or Touch ID.

Amazon Payment Services fully supports Apple Pay. You can offer your
customers a seamless payment process via their Apple mobile device.
Supported payment networks include American Express, Mastercard, and
Visa as well as local payment methods such as mada.

Apple Pay acts like any other digital wallet: your customer stores their
payment card details in Apple Pay, and during check out, your customer
simply selects their preferred payment card in Apple Pay.

When using a credit or debit card with Apple Pay the actual card numbers
are not stored on the device, or on Apple servers. Instead, a unique
Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted, and securely stored in the
Secure Element on the user's device, where each transaction is
authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

### Supported iOS devices and compatibility

Merchants that use Amazon Payment Services can offer payments via Apple
Pay in iOS applications as long as the user uses iOS 8.1 and above.
Refer to Apple's compatibility documentation to learn more about which
devices support Apple Pay. There are no additional fees to process Apple
Pay payments, the pricing is the same as other card transactions.

Apple Pay is compatible with most Amazon Payment Services products and
features, allowing you to use it in place of a traditional card payment
whenever possible. Use it to accept payments for physical or digital
goods; donations, subscriptions, and more.

Note that in addition to the above device requirements, Apple Pay is
only available to cardholders at participating banks in supported
countries. Refer to Apple's documentation covering participating banks
to learn which banks and countries are supported.

### Integrating Apple Pay

You must sign up for an Apple Developer account and complete the Apple
Pay certification. You also need to obtain the payment processing
certificate in the .p12 file, which you will need to upload to the
Amazon Payment Services back office. Your site must have a valid SSL
certificate (meaning the URL pointing to your server must start with
https).

Furthermore, you must have direct access to the files on your website --
either via FTP, or a file explorer.

Finally, you need to supply Amazon Payment Services with your Apple Pay
developer account details so that we can enable payment processing for
Apple Pay wallets.

Note that our Apple Pay integration route enables you to accept Apple
Pay for in-app payments, and for payments made via the Safari browser.

Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

This page is intended to help you understand the benefits of Apple Pay, how it works, and the steps for integrating Apple Pay into your payment page. Developers should [review the full API reference](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com/docs/api/build/index.html#apple-pay-service){target=_self} for complete instructions on how to integrate Apple Pay.



Visa Checkout
-------------

Very similar to Masterpass, Visa Checkout is a digital wallet that
securely stores your customer's credit card details and shipping
addresses. It speeds up the checkout process across thousands of online
shopping websites because your customer no longer needs to retype their
credit card number every time that they shop.

Note that Visa Checkout can store cards issued by most global payment
card networks, not just Visa. You can give your customers a simplified,
enhanced shopping experience by using Visa Checkout with your Amazon
Payment Services facility.

Note that you have two different integration options when it comes to
offering Visa Checkout to your customers: a merchant-hosted checkout
button, or a checkout button hosted by Amazon Payment Services.

Masterpass
----------

Masterpass is a digital wallet that securely stores your customer's
credit card details and shipping addresses. Masterpass is operated and
managed by Mastercard -- you can [view the Masterpass website
here](https://masterpass.com).

You can speed up your customer's shopping experience if your customer
has a Masterpass account because your customer no longer needs to retype
their credit card number every time that they shop. Note that Masterpass
wallets can contain payment cards from a range of card networks --
Masterpass is not restricted to Mastercard payment cards.

You can give your customers a simplified, enhanced shopping experience
by using Masterpass with your Amazon Payment Services facility. Please
view our API reference for the complete integration workflow for
Masterpass.

👆 Amazon Payment Services now supports Masterpass Redirect v7 in
addition to Redirect v6.

### Masterpass Hosted

Instead of redirecting your customers to a Masterpass lightbox, you can
make use of Masterpass Hosted to process digital wallet transactions
without redirecting your customer to the Masterpass page. Instead, the
Masterpass authentication process is hosted on your merchant website.

Amazon Payment Services fully supports Masterpass hosted.

Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

This page is intended to help you understand the benefits of digital
wallets, how digital wallets work, and the steps for integrating digital
wallets into your payment page. Developers should [review the full API
reference](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#digital-wallets){target=_self}
for complete instructions on how to integrate digital wallets.

Get in touch
------------

We've given you an overview of digital wallets, but you're welcome to
get in touch with specific questions -- just email the team at
<merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com> for advice on integration routes and best
practice.
