Buy Now, Pay Later
====

If you have customers that are resident in Egypt you can offer the
ability to pay for purchases using short-term financing thanks to the
partnership between Amazon Payment Services and valU.

valU, in partnership with Amazon Payment Services, offers Egyptian
residents the ability to pay for a purchase through a specific
installment plan. Merchants receive the full payment upfront.

How does it work in practice?
-----------------------------

The Buy Now, Pay Later service is offered via valU and is integrated into your
checkout experience. Customers can more easily pay for big-ticket goods
and services using the Buy Now, Pay Later service, while you receive the full amount
as soon as the transaction is processed.

In practice, the Buy Now, Pay Later service works as follows:

1.  Your customer shops and checks out as usual.

2.  If your customer is registered with valU they can provide their
    phone number on the checkout page to connect to their valU account.

3.  Your site sends a request to Amazon Payment Services to verify
    whether the customer is registered as a valU customer -- using the
    customer's phone number. The valU server validates whether a
    customer is registered.

4.  The valU server generates a one-time PIN (OTP) code and sends it to
    the customer via SMS.

5.  Once the customer completes the OTP on the checkout page, the OTP is
    returned to valU and verified.

6.  valU confirms the OTP of your customer and you proceed to complete
    the transaction.

Customers that pay with Buy Now, Pay Later experience an integrated, one-stop shopping
and borrowing experience. Merchants process transactions as they
normally would, with a minor intermediary step to facilitate the
customer's borrowing requirements.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

This page is intended to help you understand how Buy Now, Pay Later works. Developers should [review the full API reference](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com/docs/api/build/index.html#valu-consumer-finance){target=_self} for complete instructions on how to implement Buy Now, Pay Later including a full list of parameters and the relevant endpoints.


Get in touch
------------

We're happy to help you set up Buy Now, Pay Later payments in your payment processing
workflow. Just get in touch -- email the team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>
to discuss Buy Now, Pay Later.
