Working with payments
=================

Integrating payment processing into your application is just the first
step. In this section we discuss key concepts you need to understand to
be able to successfully handle more complex payment processing
requirements.

Learn how tokenization works and how you can manipulate tokens,
understand how to process recurring and offline payments, and get full
insight into payment operations. We also cover some of our unique
services including Collect, an automated invoicing capability; as well
as our batch processing capabilities.

Understanding tokenization
--------------------------

We use tokenization to give your customers a better user experience
while also reducing the need for you to handle sensitive financial data.
[Get an overview of tokenization](31.md), and learn [how to
perform operations on existing tokens](31b.md) -- or how to
[create a token](31a.md) as a distinct step in the payment
workflow.

Also read more about [unique tokens](31c.md), an important tool
for merchants that want to exercise close control over the use of a
single payment card by multiple customers.

Payment operations
------------------

While straightforward payment processing implementations seamlessly
execute transactions in the background, many merchants require closer
control over the payment process. You can [read more about individual
payment operations](34.md) including authorize, capture, void,
and refund.

All merchants need to understand how to handle the results of a
transaction request. View [this page for more details on handling
transaction feedback](38.md).

Finally, at times you may have the need to find out what the status of a
transaction is. For example, where your server disconnected and did not
receive the transaction response. You can [use the check status command
to verify the status of a transaction](39.md).

Offline, recurring, and batch transactions
------------------------------------------

Amazon Payment Services offers a range of flexible options if you need
to process repeat transactions, or where you need to process
transactions that occur offline. You can also batch process transactions
or automatically generate invoices.

### Recurring payments

If your need to accept regular, recurring payments from your customers
you can easily do so using our standard API. For example, you can easily
set in place a regular subscription payment for a streaming service, or
a payment that facilitates a regular donation.

You can effortlessly set up secure, recurring payments for any defined
billing cycle -- whether daily, weekly, monthly, or annual. You do so
through a workflow that is not much different from the normal checkout
process.

[Read more about recurring payments here](32.md).

### The MOTO channel

Sometimes transactions occur offline. You can easily process
transactions that do not occur on your website or in your mobile app
using the MOTO channel.

Similarly, you can use the MOTO channel to process transactions where
your customer has already performed one successful transaction -- but
without asking your customer to verify their card details when the
second transaction occurs. 

[Read more about the MOTO channel here](33.md).

Batch payments and invoicing
----------------------------

Whenever you need to execute many similar transactions simultaneously
you can take advantage of batch processing capabilities to process a
large volume of transactions by submitting a single instruction. [Read
more about our batch processing capabilities here](36.md).

One batch process your business may benefit from is our **Payment Link**
service. You can easily send your customers an invoice that includes a
convenient payment link using the invoice generating capabilities of
Amazon Payment Services. [Read more about Payment Link here](35.md).

Trusted channel
---------------

If you are PCI compliant you can rely on Amazon Payment Services as a
secure payments partner. Use the payment card data that you already hold
and securely submit that data to Amazon Payment Services to process
transactions effortlessly and efficiently.

[Read more about the trusted channel here](37.md).

Get in touch
------------

Payment processing can be complex. No matter how unique your use case is
you can reach out to us for support. Just email the team at
<merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
