Safe (Tokenization) 
============

Tokenization gives your business the ability to process payments in a
fast and convenient way without the need for your server to receive,
manipulate, or store sensitive payment card data.

Thanks to tokens you can rely on Amazon Payment Services to handle
sensitive payment card data, reducing your compliance obligations.



Tokens also enable you to offer your customers convenience options
including a faster checkout experience and the effortless processing of
recurring payments.

What is tokenization?
---------------------

Tokenization involves generating a unique ID, called a token, to
represent a set of sensitive data -- such as payment card details. By
using tokens, the parties involved in a transaction can complete the
transaction without exchanging sensitive data at each step.

In other words, tokenization means that, in your transaction workflow
with Amazon Payment Services, you do not need to receive, store, or
exchange sensitive payment card data. Instead, you process a payment by
handling the token that refers to the underlying payment card.

Why use tokenization?
---------------------

When you use tokenization, you remove the need to capture and store
confidential financial data on your server. You can manipulate
transactions using the token: you do not need to handle the underlying
payment card data.

The Amazon Payment Services tokenization feature enables you to complete
a transaction without ever handling or storing your customer's sensitive
payment card data on your server.

Tokenization also aids future transactions. For example, thanks to
tokenization customers that wish to do so can check out and pay by just
confirming their card security code -- they do not need to re-enter
their complete card details for every transaction.

If your customer gives us their permission, we store your customer's
card details and you subsequently refer to the stored card details using
a token.

Advantages of tokenization
--------------------------

Tokenization has the following advantages:

-   **Integration.** Tokens facilitate direct payment processing
    integration -- [our standard and custom merchant payment page
    integration routes](22a.md), for example, integrates
    directly into your website thanks to tokenization.

-   **Compliance and security.** Tokenization reduces your compliance
    and security burden because you do not need to store sensitive card
    data. [Read more about PCI compliance here](57.md).

-   **Customer experience**. You can offer your customers a better user
    experience because your customers do not need to constantly re-enter
    their full payment card data. It removes the need to locate a
    physical card when paying, and reduces the friction involved in
    accidentally entering erroneous card details.

-   **Recurring payments.** Tokens facilitate recurring payments which
    would otherwise be difficult in practice if customers had to
    continuously confirm their payment card data.

Note that for some integration routes tokenization is integral to the
process, but tokenization does not necessarily mean that your customer's
card details are retained. Your customer's card details are only stored
for future use if you use tokenization to retain your customer's card
details and if your customer agrees that you do so.

What is a token?
----------------

Throughout our discussion about tokenization we will frequently refer to
tokens. A token is a unique identifier, often a randomly generated
string of text, that is used to refer to an underlying set of data. In
the context of payment processing, a token is used to refer to payment
card data -- including the long card number, the expiry date, and the
name on the card.

When your server needs to transact using a customer's payment card data
it sends the token ID to Amazon Payment Services. In turn, the Amazon
Payment Services server looks up the card details associated with the
token ID and processes the transaction using the tokenized card details.

The transaction result is passed back to your server, alongside the
token ID. Your server uses the token ID to identify which transaction
the results refer to.

What does Safe (Tokenization) do?
--------------------------

Many transactions through Amazon Payment Services will require the
generation of a token. For example, our [standard merchant page
integration route](22a.md) generates a token that facilitates
the transaction. In doing so we ensure that your website and server are
never required to handle sensitive payment card data.

An optional, but recommended, use of tokenization is where you give your
customer the option for their payment card details to be retained. When
your customer returns to your website they only need to complete the
3-digit card security code to complete the transaction.

Note that saving card details through tokenization is required for
certain types of transactions, including recurring billing. Consider
subscription payments, for example, where you cannot rely on your
customer re-entering their payment card details for every subscription
payment.

Handling tokens
---------------

As stated above, some integration routes and transactions will
automatically involve tokenization simply by virtue of executing a
transaction.

Where that is the case tokens are created automatically as part of the
transaction flow. In other words, you create a token through the
processing of a standard e-commerce transaction. This would be the
normal process in our standard or custom merchant integration routes,
for example.

However, under some circumstances, you may want to manipulate tokens
more deliberately. For example, you may want to simply create a token
without executing a transaction. To store a customer's card details for
future charges, for example. Or, you may want to allow your customer to
update their card details stored with Amazon Payment Services

You can read more about handling tokens on the [create token
page](31a.md) and on the [update token page](31b.md).

Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

We've given you an overview of how tokenization works. Our API reference
contains important details and [developers should review the full API
reference](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#fort-tokenization-service){target=_self}
for complete instructions on how to create, use, and manipulate tokens
-- including relevant endpoints.

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
