Creating a token
================

Tokens enable you to process transactions that involve confidential
financial data without storing or handling the financial data on your
server. It also enables you to offer your customers the opportunity to
save their payment card data for future use.

We offer a more detailed discussion about [tokens and tokenization on
this page](31.md).

Creating a token in the transaction flow
----------------------------------------

Most payment processing configurations in Amazon Payment Services will
require you to process transactions by making use of tokenization. In
other words, to successfully process a transaction, you must generate a
token during the transaction flow.

Sometimes tokenization occurs automatically as part of the transaction
flow. For example, our [standard merchant page integration
route](22a.md) automatically generates a token to facilitate a
transaction.

We request that you use tokenization because doing so means that your
website and your server is never required to handle sensitive financial
data.

It is easy to create a token in ordinary payment transactions, in fact
it happens automatically. When you send your transaction request we
automatically generate a unique token name. We send the token name in
the request response and associate your customer's payment card details
with the unique token name.

If your customer agrees that you store their payment card details for
future transactions, you will use the same token name the next time that
your customer shops with you and pays.

To learn more about tokenization as part of the transaction flow we
recommend that you read the API reference for the relevant transaction
flow. For example, read our API reference for standard merchant page
integration if you are processing ordinary online shopping transactions.

Creating a token as a distinct step
-----------------------------------

In some circumstances, tokenization will occur as a distinct step that
does not necessarily involve a payment. A simple example would be where
your customer wants to sign up and store their payment card details for
future transactions -- without making a purchase at the time that they
sign up.

Another use case may be where you want to retain your customer's payment
card details for a future charge on an order your customer has already
confirmed. This may be necessary where you only want to charge your
customer once an item ships -- and where the shipment date is not in the
immediate future.

In either example you can choose to create a token that allows your
customer to store their payment card details with Amazon Payment
Services. You can then use this token to charge the customer's card in
the future, without requiring customer action.

Creating the token is simple. You send a request to our server to create
a new token, including your customer's payment card details in the
request. We respond with a unique token name and associate your
customer's payment card details with that token name.

Note that Amazon Payment Services does not verify the validity of your
customer's payment card details if you perform tokenization as a
distinct step. We will only verify the validity of the payment card
details associated with a newly created token once you attempt to charge
the customer's payment card.

You may choose to bill and immediately refund a small amount to your
customer's payment card in order to verify your customer's card details
and to ensure that you can use the token for future billing.

We provide a specific API for token creation -- refer to the API
reference.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

Tokenization is a complex element of payment processing. We suggest that
developers read our full API reference on tokenization. [We also cover
the process of creating a token in more depth
here](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#create-token-in-transaction-flow){target=_self}.

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
