Payment operations
==================

If you have a transaction workflow that is unique you can choose to step
through the payment process in distinct steps. Amazon Payment Services
also allows you to manipulate payments in situ.

For example, you can use our API to partially capture an authorized
amount, to void authorization -- or to refund a payment you have already
captured.

Why do I need to use payment operations?
----------------------------------------

Many transactions follow the standard workflow: your customer checks out
and pays, and you ship the goods -- or render the services. However,
there are often circumstances where a payment must be processed in more
distinct steps.

For example, you may want to make sure that your customer can pay for
goods before you start to buy those goods for eventual delivery.
However, you may not want to charge your customer's payment card before
you are certain you are able to ship the goods that your customer
ordered.

Or, consider the scenario where the final amount that your customer is
required to pay is uncertain and you want to ensure that your customer
has the means to pay the expected maximum amount -- while only charging
the full amount once the final bill becomes clear.

Payment maintenance operations allow you to code custom payment flows
that meet these unique requirements.

What are payment operations?
----------------------------

While Amazon Payment Services offers low-code solutions that enable
merchants to easily start accepting payments by simply connecting to our
API, the underlying payment process still consists out of distinct
steps, called payment operations.

For example, straightforward transactions use the `purchase` operation to
send a single request to the Amazon Payment Services server that
executes both the authorize command and the capture command in one go.

Another example of a payment operation would be the `refund` command,
which you can use if you want to refund an amount already captured.

When your customer makes a transaction you will use one of two commands
to initiate the transaction:

-   **Authorize**. With this operation you ask your customer's bank to
    verify that your customer can pay the requested transaction amount.
    The customer's bank also ringfences the amount for a set period. For
    example, by reducing the customer's available credit card balance.
    Note that the authorize step does not transfer the transaction
    amount to your merchant account, you must execute the `capture`
    command to transfer the amount.
    
    
    
    [Read more about the authorize command here](34a.md).


-   **Purchase**. This command performs the complete payment cycle in a
    single step by authorizing the transaction amount and capturing the
    transaction amount in a single step.

👆 When you authorize a payment, the customer's bank verifies that the
customer can pay the requested transaction amount. The customer's bank
also ringfences the amount for a set period. For example, by reducing
the customer's available credit card balance. Note that the authorize
step does not transfer the transaction amount to the merchant.

👆 To transfer an authorized amount to your merchant account you must
capture the transaction amount by performing a capture operation. The
amount that you capture can be less than the authorized amount but
cannot be greater than the authorized amount. You can authorize and
capture in one step by using the purchase operation.

If you do not, within a set period, capture or void a transaction that
you have authorized the transaction is automatically voided and the
funds returned to your customer.

Payment maintenance operations
------------------------------

Maintenance operations can be performed after an amount has been
authorized or after a purchase transaction. Once your customer has
confirmed their card details and passed security and only if an amount
was authorized on the customer's card will you be able to carry out a
maintenance operation.

These are the payment maintenance operations you should be aware of:

-   **Capture**. To transfer the authorized amount to your merchant
    account you must capture the transaction amount by performing a
    capture operation. The amount that you capture can be less than the
    authorized amount but cannot be greater than the authorized amount.
    You can also capture amounts multiple times, to a maximum amount --
    the amount you authorized.

    
    [Read more about the capture command here](34b.md).

-   **Void**. In some instances, you or your customer may not want to or
    be able to complete the transaction. For example, if the customer
    cancels a reservation. If you do not wish to capture a payment you
    can void it using the void operation which immediately releases your
    customer's funds. However, captured payments can only be refunded.
    [Read more about the void command here](34c.md).

-   **Refund**. Where you have already captured a payment, you can
    return to your customer all or part of the funds transferred to your
    merchant account. You do that using the refund operation.

Get in touch
------------

Payment operations can help your business deal with complex transaction
workflows. For help implementing payment maintenance operations and the
business logic that drives your transactions feel free to get in touch
-- email the team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com> for best practice advice.
