Capturing a payment
===================

Authorizing a payment merely ringfences the authorized amount. You must
capture the payment before the transaction amount is transferred to your
merchant account. The capture operation allows you to `capture` the
authorized amount to your account.

Read more about the distinction between authorization, capture, and
purchase transactions [on the payment operations](34.md) page.

What is the capture operation?
------------------------------

When you authorize a payment on your customer's payment card you verify
that your customer is able to pay the amount that you are authorizing
and ensure that your customer's bank ringfences the amount so that your
customer cannot spend the funds elsewhere.

However, to complete the transaction and transfer the authorized amount
to your merchant account you must execute a separate capture operation.

The capture could be partial, so that an amount that is less than the
authorized amount is transferred. Alternatively, you can capture the
full authorized amount. You can also execute the capture command
multiple times, to a maximum amount -- the amount you authorized.
However, you can never capture an amount greater than the authorized
amount.

Our two-step authorization and capture process enable you to capture
payments either automatically or manually. If you prefer to capture the
amount automatically you should use the `purchase` operation instead of
the `authorize` operation.

When should I use the capture operation?
----------------------------------------

Use the `capture` operation as part of a two-step authorize, capture
transaction flow if you have a transaction workflow that has unique
requirements. This is in contrast to the single step purchase operation
that authorizes and captures in one operation.

For example, you may want to make sure that your customer can pay for
goods before you start procuring the goods -- but you may not want to
charge your customer's payment card before you are certain you are able
to ship the goods your customer ordered.

Or, if the final amount your customer is required to pay is uncertain
and you want to ensure that your customer has the means to pay an
expected amount -- while only charging the full amount once the final
bill becomes clear.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

We've given you an overview of how the capture step works and why you
would choose the capture operation instead of the purchase operation.
Developers should [review the full API reference for complete
instructions](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#capture-operation){target=_self}.

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com.
