Voiding authorization
========================

Where your customer decides not to complete their purchase or where you
are unable to fulfill an order you can quickly release the funds you
authorized on your customer's card by voiding the authorization using
the void command.

Although your authorization will eventually expire automatically, you
should consider voiding the authorization you hold on your customer's
card if your customer decides not to complete their purchase. Doing so
gives your customer faster access to their funds.

When should you use the void command?
-------------------------------------

Merchants use authorization as a distinct step before capturing an
amount to ensure that a customer has the funds available to pay for a
purchase, but without charging the customer's card.

Choosing to simply authorize rather than charge the card via a purchase
transaction can be a good choice where you are uncertain about the final
purchase amount, or about your ability to fulfill an order.

The benefit of the authorization command is that you can void the
authorization thereby giving your customer immediate access to the funds
that you had authorized. In contrast, a refund can take longer to
process.

So, you could choose to void authorization if you realize that you are
unable to ship the items your customer had purchased.

Difference between a void request and a refund
----------------------------------------------

Voiding authorization is not the same as issuing a refund because the
authorization step alone never transferred any funds to your merchant
account.

By using the void command, you simply release the funds your ringfenced
on your customer's account so that your customer can use the funds for a
transaction elsewhere.

However if you executed a capture command or indeed a purchase command
you will need to use the refund command to return funds to your
customer.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

On this page we discussed why you would want to void a transaction and
what happens when you send a void request. You can [read more about
exactly how the void request works in our API
reference](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#void-authorization-operation){target=_self}.

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
