Batch processing
================

Every Amazon Payment Services merchant has access to batch processing
capabilities that enable novel payment processing applications -- and
that simplifies routines payment processing tasks. It does so without
requiring you to write extensive code to enable the batch process.

Whenever you need to execute many transactions simultaneously you can
take advantage of our batch processing capabilities to process a large
volume of transactions by submitting a single instruction.

How does batch processing work?
-------------------------------

We offer batch processing as an alternative where it is not practical or
desirable for you to write code to automate a process on your server.
Instead, you can upload a batch file to our server that contains the
instructions that you want to execute.

There are three steps to a batch processing request:

1.  **Upload the batch file**: first, you must upload your batch file
    using the Amazon Payment Services batch processing API.

2.  **Retrieve batch file results**. Next, you need to retrieve the
    results of the batch file you uploaded so that you can ensure that
    the file was correctly validated.

3.  **Start processing the batch file**: At this last step you initiate
    the processing of transactions. You can only initiate processing if
    your batch file passed the validation process.

Note that you must write code on your server that triggers the distinct
steps in a batch processing request. Doing so gives you the flexibility
to develop custom payment applications that deliver a great customer
experience.

Which commands can you batch process?
-------------------------------------

You can process many payment commands, but not all payment commands,
using the batch processing API. There are essentially two types of
processes that you can batch run.

### Recurring payments

Where you have customers that need to make recurring transactions to pay
for say, subscriptions, you can use our batch processing API to execute
the recurring transactions. You would use our batch processing API to
bulk process purchase transactions. [You can read more about recurring
payments here](32.md).

### Payment operations

Businesses that have more complex transaction flows could choose to
batch process specific payment operations. [You can read more about
payment operations here](34.md).

The payment operations that you can batch process include the capture,
the void authorization, and the refund command.

Note you must activate the batch processing service in your Amazon
Payment Services back office before you can start processing
transactions in bulk.

A single batch file can contain a mix of payment commands -- including
commands that process recurring payments.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

This page gives you an overview of how batch processing works.
Developers should review the full API reference for complete
instructions [and to understand how batch processing can be used to meet
unique use
requirements](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#batch-service){target=_self}.

Get in touch
------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
