Receiving transaction responses
===============================

When you send a transaction request from your merchant account to Amazon
Payment Services you will get a response that describes the result of
your transaction request.

It is critical that you handle the response we send correctly to ensure
that your payment operations proceed smoothly. On this page we describe
a few key points around transaction feedback.

Why does transaction feedback matter?
-------------------------------------

While a transaction is completed, we will send a response directly to
your direct transaction feedback URL. In theory, direct response
feedback cannot be interrupted unless the URL you provided for responses
is not functional at the time of the response.

We do this so that your server receives a response even if your customer
does not successfully redirect to the return URL on your website, which
may happen if your customer's browser or connection fails during the
transaction.

Receiving transaction feedback
------------------------------

There are two ways in which you receive transaction feedback:

-   **Direct transaction feedback.** Amazon Payment Services sends an
    immediate payment processing response whenever a transaction is
    completed. 
     
    You can rely on this response for transaction feedback even where
    your user closed the browser before getting redirected successfully
    to the redirection URL or where your user was not redirected due to
    a drop in the internet connection.

-   **Notification feedback** where we need to provide you with the
    status of a transaction once it is received. In other words, we send
    notification feedback to alert you to any changes in the status of a
    transaction. 
     
    For example, if the transaction was pending due to the
    unavailability of any party to the transaction, the final update
    will be pushed to your notification feedback endpoint.

**Notification feedback** deals with a wide range of scenarios and it is
critical that your website is configured to receive notification
feedback correctly. For example, transaction feedback can alert you to
any transactions that were stuck in "uncertain" status, but which have
recovered to final status.

**Direct feedback** allows you to subscribe to transaction updates for
uncertain transactions whenever you process a payment. It is a method
for receiving the transaction response automatically once the
transaction had completed or if there was an update.

We will send the response via HTTP POST request in POST form format to
your webhook URL. The submission type can be changed from POST form to
JSON or XML in your APS account settings. We only permit configuring
URLs in HTTPS for direct feedback and for notification feedback.

To acknowledge receiving the direct feedback and notification
successfully, the webhook URL must return a 2xx or 302 HTTP status. In
case the URL returns different HTTP responses, our server will keep
retrying up to 10 times until we receive a success response. We wait ten
seconds between retries.

You can change and configure the retry mechanism attributes to increase
or decrease the number of retries, time between retries and the grace
period before we send the notifications.

You must create endpoints that accept direct transaction feedback and
notification feedback from us via a webhook. You can customize how
transaction feedback works -- for example, by including the grace period
before a direct feedback notification is sent, and the time elapsed
between retrying feedback submission.

Check status
------------

In case you fail to receive the transaction feedback you can always use
the check status function to retrieve the transaction status.

With check status you can verify whether a transaction was completed
successfully, what the authorized amount on a transaction is, and verify
the response generated when the transaction was processed.

[Read more about checking transaction status here](39.md).

Checking the SHA signature
--------------------------

You must always ensure that you check the SHA signature phrase returned
alongside the response parameters each and every time that you evaluate
a response you receive from Amazon Payment Services.

By verifying that the SHA phrase matches you can ensure that the
response you receive is a genuine response sent from Amazon Payment
Services. It reduces the risk that a cybercriminal intercepts or
manipulates responses to interfere with payments or your ecommerce
operations.

Get in touch
------------

If you get stuck or have any questions about handling transaction
feedback please feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
