Check transaction status
========================

If you need to verify the status of a transaction in progress you can
easily do so using the check status command.

With check status you can verify whether a transaction was completed
successfully, check the authorized amount on a transaction, and verify
the response generated when the transaction was processed.

What is check status?
---------------------

Check status is an API command that enables you to verify the status of
a transaction. Your check status request will generate a response that
gives you the full response code for your original transaction request.

Using check status you can confirm a range of transaction data. For
example, you can verify whether a transaction was successfully
authorized, and retrieve any relevant error codes. You can also verify
how much was refunded on a transaction, or how much of an authorized
amount you have successfully captured.

When should I use check status?
-------------------------------

Check status can help you to verify the status of a transaction under
several scenarios. For example, where your server was disconnected from
the Amazon Payment Services server and where you did not receive a
response that indicated the status of a transaction.

In fact, you can use check status to retrieve the status of a
transaction under any circumstances where you are unsure what the status
of a transaction is -- or whether a request you have sent has been
executed successfully.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

This page gives you an overview of how the check status command works.
Developers should [review the full API
reference](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#check-status){target=_self}
for complete instructions and to understand how check status works.

Get in touch
------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
