Localization
=================

No matter where in the world your business is located it is easy to
offer your customers a local shopping experience by making use of the
localization options on offer from Amazon Payment Services.

You can customize the language used in the shopping experience and
accept local payment methods. We also offer live currency conversion and
simple tools to handle currencies -- all to help you customize your
shopping experience to meet the local preferences of your customers.

Response and checkout language
------------------------------

You can select the language that Amazon Payment Services uses in its
communications with your customers to meet their language preferences.

For example, you can customize payment processing interactions by
setting your language choice for the standard and custom merchant page
integration route, for redirection, and for our mobile SDKs. You can
also customize the language used when generating invoices.

It's also possible to ensure that transaction response messages are sent
in the language that your customer prefers.

[Read more about language settings here](41.md).

Local payment methods
---------------------

Though debit and credit cards issued on the major global networks are a
standard and popular payment method, many other commonly used payment
methods exist in countries around the world.

You can offer your customers the ability to pay using a local payment
method such as a bank-linked debit card issued on a local payment
network.

Amazon Payment Services has several agreements with local financial
institutions covering local payment methods -- including both payment
cards and installment financing.

[Read more about local payment methods here](44.md).

Handling currencies
-------------------

Where you serve customers across different geographical areas you will
need to take certain steps to handle different currencies.

As a global provider of payment processing services, Amazon Payment
Services makes it easy to handle currencies under a wide range of
circumstances.

[Read our page on handling currencies here](43.md).

Live currency conversion
------------------------

Currency calculations can mean a challenging experience for shoppers --
who may simply prefer to shop where they can see prices in their local
currency.

You can easily present prices in your customer's local currency by
making use of Amazon Payment Services' live currency conversion service.

[Read more about our currency conversion API here](42.md).

Any questions?
--------------

Do you have any questions about localization? Feel free to get in touch
with our team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
