Setting the response language
=================

Setting the response language

You can set the transaction response language used by Amazon Payment
Services to accommodate customers who do not use English as their first
language.

Similarly, where you use the standard Amazon Payment Services payment
forms to process payments, you have the option to select a presentation
language that meets the requirements of your customer.

Requesting a specific response language
---------------------------------------

Where you want to directly relay to your customer the response sent by
Amazon Payment Services you can do so in a choice of two languages --
Arabic, or English.

By default, Amazon Payment Services will return an English response
message that outlines the result of the transaction.

However, you can choose to receive responses in Arabic so that you can
directly relay the Arabic-language response to your Arabic customers.

Doing so simple. You simply set the response language you prefer when
you send your request to the Amazon Payment Services API. You do that by
specifying the language parameter in your API request and submitting
either Arabic or English as the parameter.

Selecting the checkout presentation language
--------------------------------------------

Offer your customers a payment experience in their language of choice by
selecting from Arabic or English when you send your API request.

This action works where you are using a standard payment process
including standard merchant page integration and the redirect options.

When you initiate the payment you specify the presentation language that
you prefer to use by including the language parameter in your API
request.

Developers that use our Android or iOS SDK for mobile integration can
also choose the response language used within the pre-built SDK
environment.


Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
