Live currency conversion
========================

Take away the headache of currency conversion by presenting your
customers with prices in their local currency.

You can use our live currency conversion service to dynamically render
prices in your customer's local currency, making it much easier for your
customers to shop without the need to constantly convert between
currencies.

What is live currency conversion?
---------------------------------

When you use live currency conversion from Amazon Payment Services you
rely on us to automatically convert the prices you hold on your server,
in your domestic currency, into the local currency of your customer.

The conversion happens transparently, and on-the-fly. It gives your
customers the convenience of viewing prices in their local currency.

In doing so you remove the need for your customer to continuously
calculate prices in their local currency. It dramatically improves the
shopping experience.

Note that live currency conversion is only active during the shopping
process. Once your customer checks out you will present your customer
with a final transaction amount in the currency of your merchant
account, alongside a local currency equivalent if you wish to do so.

Beware that currency exchange rates are subject to fluctuation and the
live conversion rates are strictly indicative. Amazon Payment Services
delivers an instant conversion based on rates from XE.

How do I implement live currency conversion?
--------------------------------------------

You must custom-code live currency conversion into your shopping and
checkout workflow. You do so by making an API call, and by referring to
the currency_conversion command.

Amazon Payment Services will perform the conversion using live currency
rates and return a response with the amount converted into the currency
specified in your request.

Note that you need to code a workflow that ensures that currency
conversion works as expected for your customers. Amazon Payment
Services' API simply provides you with the response to a specific
conversion request.


Go to the full API reference
----------------------------

We've given you an overview of how currency conversion works. Our API
reference contains important details and developers should [review the
full API reference for complete instructions on how to offer customers
live currency
conversion](https://paymentservices-reference.payfort.com//docs/api/build/index.html#currency-exchange-service){target=_self}.


Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
