Handling currencies in operations
=================

To handle foreign currencies correctly you must ensure that you take a
few essential steps -- including the correct handling of the decimal
point as defined by ISO 4217.

ISO 4217 and transaction values
-------------------------------

ISO 4217 is a standard that defines currencies and, in particular,
defines the number of digits after the decimal point.

Beware not to assume that the currency you are handling has the
conventional two digits after the decimal point. For example,
transactions in Jordanian dinar involve three digits after the decimal
point.

### Accommodating decimal values

When you send transaction values you do so without including a decimal
point in the value. For example, USD 100.50 would be submitted as 10050.

So, before sending the transaction value, you must multiply the value by
a factor that matches the ISO 4217 specification for that currency.
Multiplication is necessary to accommodate decimal values. Each
currency's 3-digit ISO code will have a specification for the number of
digits after the decimal separator.

For example: If the transaction value is 500 AED; according to ISO 4217,
you should multiply the value with 100 (to accommodate 2 decimal
points). You will therefore send an AED 500 purchase amount as a value
of 50000.

Another example: If the amount value was 100 JOD; according to ISO 4217,
you should multiply the value with 1000 (to accommodate 3 decimal
points). You, therefore, send a JOD 100 purchase amount as a value of
100000.

Live currency conversion
------------------------

Note that you can show your customers prices in their local currency by
making use of our live currency conversion feature that automatically
converts the prices on your server to the equivalent in your user's
local currency.

[Read more about live currency conversion here](42.md).

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck with currencies feel free to get in touch with the
Amazon Payment Services team. Just message our support team at
<merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
