Local payment options
=================


Expand your business reach by accepting a range of local payment methods
thanks to the partnerships Amazon Payment Services has with local
financial institutions. It gives your customers a better checkout
experience because your customers can now pay using the card that they
like the most and pay in their local currency.

Amazon Payment Services also gives you access to alternative payment
methods that are popular in certain countries -- including local
financing options.

Local card payments
-------------------

Currently, Amazon Payment Services supports the following local payment
methods:
 
<div class="tab">
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openCity(event, 'KNET')" id="defaultOpen" >KNET</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openCity(event, 'Mada')">Mada</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openCity(event, 'MEEZA')">MEEZA</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openCity(event, 'NAPS')">NAPS</button>
</div>

<div id="KNET" class="tabcontent">
  <label>Countries</label>
  <h4>Kuwait</h4>

  <label>Processing currencies</label>
  <h4>KWD</h4>
</div>

<div id="Mada" class="tabcontent">
  <label>Countries</label>
  <h4>Saudi Arabia</h4>

  <label>Processing currencies</label>
  <h4>SAR</h4>
</div>

<div id="MEEZA" class="tabcontent">
  <label>Countries</label>
  <h4>Egypt</h4>

  <label>Processing currencies</label>
  <h4>EGP</h4>
</div>
 
<div id="NAPS" class="tabcontent">
  <label>Countries</label>
  <h4>Qatar</h4>

  <label>Processing currencies</label>
  <h4>QAR</h4>
</div>




   

For a variety of reasons, a customer may prefer to use a local payment
method instead of a debit or credit card issued on one of the major
global networks. Customers may prefer to pay for goods and services by
triggering a direct debit to their bank account, for example.

That's why Amazon Payment Services partners with local payment networks
to give you the ability to offer your customers a flexible choice of
local payment methods.

For example, Amazon Payment Services has partnered with Mada, under the
supervision of SAMA, to enable online payment with Mada cards. It gives
KSA residents an easy way to make debit card payments using their bank
accounts.

Note that you may need to set up specific merchant arrangements to
ensure that you can accept a local payment method.

Other local payment options
---------------------------

We have partnered with local financial institutions to offer you the
ability to sell goods via a financing arrangement. Currently, we have
two arrangements in place:

Buy Now, Pay Later
----

Customers in Egypt can make a purchase backed by a repayment plan thanks
to our partnership with Egyptian financial services provider valU. The
merchant receives the full transaction amount upon completion of the
transaction while the customer pays their **Buy Now, Pay Later** installments over a
period of time.

[Read more about **Buy Now, Pay Later** on this page](24d.md).

Installments
------------

Amazon Payment Services is part of the popular **installments** program,
available to customers in countries around the Middle East.

**Installments** helps your customer to pay for any product or services
at your site in regular monthly payments charged to their credit card --
while you receive the full amount upfront. [Read more about
**installments** on this page](24c.md).

Need further help?
------------------

If you get stuck feel free to get in touch with the Amazon Payment
Services team. Just message our support team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.











