Security and risk management
=================


You can rely on Amazon Payment Services' security and risk management
toolbox to ensure that your customers enjoy a safe and secure payment
experience without adding unnecessary hurdles to the online shopping and
payment process.

Benefit from measures including anti-fraud capabilities and
comprehensive support for 3D Secure. We also offer several ways in which
you can fine-tune your approach to security and risk so that you
maintain a consistently terrific customer experience.

Adjusting security settings
---------------------------

Control important security settings in the Amazon Payment Services back
office, including retrieving your unique access code and setting the SHA
type in use.

Merchants can also choose to manage interactions with Amazon Payment
Service via a whitelist -- limiting interactions by URL, or by server.

[Read more about adjusting security settings here](51.md).

Anti-fraud technology 
---------------------

Amazon Payment Services protects you and your customers using
sophisticated anti-fraud measures that automatically evaluate
transactions in real-time to detect fraudulent behavior. We offer two
tiers of fraud protection service.

### Protect

A simplified anti-fraud mechanism that can be used if your e-commerce
business is at low risk of fraud, or if your e-commerce technology
already includes comprehensive anti-fraud measures. With **Protect** you
can apply simple but effective rules to guard against fraudulent
transactions.

[Read more about Protect](52.md).

### Protect Plus

Our **Protect Plus** service adds a powerful additional layer of fraud
prevention and it can be used in combination with our standard fraud
management service. Thanks to Protect Plus you add additional safeguards
to your online payment processing integration and by doing so you
minimize chargebacks.

[Read more about Protect Plus](53.md).

3D Secure
---------

Amazon Payment Services offers full and customizable support for 3D
Secure technologies. You can offer your customer the right blend of 3D
Secure-enabled safety: checking 3D Secure when conditions require it,
while bypassing 3D Secure where the circumstances warrant doing so. Our
3D Secure options include:

-   **Standard 3D Secure** where we automatically pass customers through
    the 3D Secure steps if the customer's payment card is enrolled in 3D
    Secure.

-   **Flex 3D Secure** where merchants can fine-tune the 3D Secure
    response to bypass 3D Secure on some transactions.

-   **External 3D Secure** service where you can choose to use an
    external 3D Secure processor instead of Amazon Payment Services 3D
    Secure processing.

-   **Standalone 3D Secure** where you can take advantage of our
    efficient 3D Secure process to handle 3D Secure as a distinct step.

[Read more about 3D Secure here](54.md).

PCI compliance
--------------

If you integrate Amazon Payment Services correctly your shopping
operations will not be subject to PCI compliance auditing because your
server does not handle, store, or manipulate payment card data. Instead,
you rely on the fact that Amazon Payment Services is PCI compliant.

However, if you are already PCI compliant you can make use of our
[trusted channel](37.md) for payment integration.

[Learn more about PCI compliance on this page](57.md).

Get in touch
------------

Payment safety, security, and compliance are critical factors. If you
have any questions about secure payment processing please feel free to
email the team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
