Protect
=================


Offer your customers an essential layer of fraud protection by enabling
our standard fraud protection service on your merchant account. It's
called **Protect**.

Protect is an anti-fraud service that uses predefined rules to evaluate
transactions and to flag transactions that may potentially be
fraudulent.

What is Protect?
----------------

Our standard anti-fraud service is a simplified anti-fraud mechanism
that can be used if your e-commerce business is at low risk of fraud, or
if your e-commerce technology already includes comprehensive anti-fraud
technology.

Using our standard fraud protection mechanism you can apply simple rules
to guard against fraudulent transactions.

When should I use standard fraud protection?
--------------------------------------------

We always recommend taking maximum measures against the risk of
e-commerce fraud, [using our advanced fraud protection service --
Protect Plus](53.md), for example. However, your operating
environment may imply that Protect is an adequate solution.

For example, your e-commerce business may be extremely low risk in
nature and unlikely to attract fraud -- consider a store that sells
novel, low-value items, for example.

You may have your own preferred anti-fraud solution that runs on your
server, or an anti-fraud partner that you prefer to use. In either case,
you may prefer minimum fraud intervention from us and simply opt for our
standard Protect service.

How do I activate Protect?
--------------------------

Amazon Payment Services can activate the standard anti-fraud measures in
your back office. Our fraud console also allows you to fine-tune the
rules used in the anti-fraud measures.

For example, you can track the IP addresses of the customers that shop
on your website. By doing so you can help ensure that only legitimate
customers shop with you -- and that your customer's accounts are not
abused.

👆 The standard fraud protection service can be used with both authorize
and purchase operations.

Protect Plus
------------

Our standard anti-fraud service delivers essential anti-fraud measures
only. Consider upgrading to our advanced fraud protection service,
**Protect Plus**.

[You can read more about advanced fraud protection here](53.md).

Get in touch
------------

If you have any questions about Protect, our standard fraud protection
service, feel free to email us at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
