Standard 3D Secure service
==========================

You can offer enhanced security to customers that use a payment card
that is enrolled with 3D Secure without affecting the checkout
experience, thanks to the built-in 3D Secure capabilities of Amazon
Payment Services.

Amazon Payment Services offers industry standard 3D Secure capabilities
that automatically checks whether a card is enrolled in 3D Secure. If a
customer's payment card is enrolled card with 3D Secure the customer is
automatically passed through the 3D Secure authentication stage.

By allowing your customer to complete the 3D Secure process you ensure
that there is less risk that a customer's payment card details are
fraudulently used. You also ensure that customers who prefer to use 3D
Secure are confident in paying on your website.

How does the standard 3D secure service work?
---------------------------------------------

3D Secure is in everyday use and it is commonplace for consumers to
complete the 3D Secure process when shopping. For that reason, Amazon
Payment Services automatically enables 3D Secure processing for merchant
accounts.

In other words, your customers will by default automatically be required
to complete the 3D Secure steps when they shop with you, but only if
your customer's payment card is enrolled with 3D Secure.

Where your customer uses a payment card that is not enrolled in 3D
Secure your customer will not be required to complete the 3D Secure
process.

In short, the standard 3D Secure process works as follows:

1.  Your customer shops and checks out as usual, proceeding to the
    payment page to complete their payment card details.

2.  Your server sends a transaction request to Amazon Payment Services
    including your customer's card details.

3.  Amazon Payment Services checks whether your customer's card is
    enrolled with 3D Secure. If a 3D Secure check is required, the
    following happens:

    a.  Your payment page redirects the customer to the 3D Secure Access
        Control Server (ACS) to verify card enrollment.

    b.  The customer enters their authentication data on the ACS
        platform.

    c.  The ACS attempts to authenticate the customer's data and sends
        the authentication results to Amazon Payment Services.

4.  Upon authentication, Amazon Payment Services proceeds to execute the
    transaction as normal.

Again, note the standard 3D Secure service described on this page is the
default mode of handling 3D Secure-enrolled payment cards through Amazon
Payment Services.

What do I need to do to enable standard 3D Secure?
--------------------------------------------------

In line with industry best practice Amazon Payment Services
automatically enables 3D Secure across all your e-commerce transactions.
There is nothing for you to do to enable 3D Secure checks.

You can, however, customize the way your merchant account behaves when
it comes to 3D Secure by using our [Flex 3D Secure
service](54b.md).

Note that although we enable 3D Secure be the default any customers that
pay with a card not enrolled with 3D Secure can still pay as they
usually would. If a payment card is not enrolled with 3D Secure we
simply bypass the 3D Secure measure.

Alternatives to standard 3D Secure
----------------------------------

We offer merchants three alternatives to the standard 3D Secure process:

-   **Flex 3D Secure** where merchants can fine-tune the 3D Secure
    response to bypass 3D Secure on some transactions.

-   **External 3D Secure** service where you can choose to use an
    external 3D Secure processor instead of Amazon Payment Services 3D
    Secure processing.

-   **Standalone 3D Secure** where you can take advantage of our
    efficient 3D Secure process to handle 3D Secure as a distinct step.

Get in touch
------------

Standard 3D Secure helps protect your customers against payment card
fraud. However, you may wish to customize your customer's 3D Secure
experience. Just get in touch with our team to discuss your unique 3D
Secure requirements -- email the team at <merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
