Using an external 3D Secure service
===================================

If your payment processing workflow already makes use of a preferred 3D
Secure processing partner you may prefer to continue processing 3D
Secure with your preferred external partner.

What is external 3D Secure?
---------------------------

Where you have an existing, preferred 3D Secure verification provider
you can opt to use your preferred external 3D Secure service when
processing payments with us. This service allows the Amazon Payment
Services server to accept purchase and authorization transactions where
3D Secure verification check is performed externally using an external
MPI.

How does external 3D Secure work?
---------------------------------

When you use an external 3D Secure partner the payment processing
workflow changes:

1.  Your customer shops and checks out as usual, proceeding to the
    payment page to complete their payment card details.

2.  Your server sends a transaction request to Amazon Payment Services
    including your customer's card details.

3.  Amazon Payment Services checks whether your customer's payment card
    is enrolled with 3D secure. If a 3D secure check is required, the
    following happens:

    a.  Your payment page redirects the customer to the 3D Secure Access
        Control Server (ACS) to verify card enrollment.

    b.  The customer enters their authentication data on the ACS
        platform.

    c.  The ACS attempts to authenticate the customer's data and sends
        the authentication results to your server.

    d.  Your server returns the encrypted 3D Secure payload to Amazon
        Payment Services

4.  Amazon Payment Services decrypts the 3D Secure payload.

5.  Upon authentication Amazon Payment Services proceeds to execute the
    transaction as usual.

Even if you choose to use an external 3D Secure verification partner
your customers will not notice anything different about their payment
experience as long as you integrate external 3D Secure correctly.


Alternatives to external 3D Secure
----------------------------------

We offer merchants three alternatives to the external 3D Secure process:

-   **Standard 3D Secure** where we automatically pass your customer
    through the 3D Secure steps, using the Amazon Payment Services 3D
    Secure process, if your customer's payment card is enrolled in 3D
    Secure.

-   **Flex 3D Secure** where merchants can fine-tune the 3D Secure
    response to bypass 3D Secure on some transactions.

-   **Standalone 3D Secure** where you can take advantage of our
    efficient 3D Secure process to handle 3D Secure as a distinct step.

Get in touch
------------

If you need help integrating your external 3D Secure partner we will
happily assist you -- just get in touch with our team to discuss your
unique 3D Secure requirements by emailing the team at
<merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
