PCI compliance
==============

PCI compliance is often central to handling sensitive payment card data.
However, if you use Amazon Payment Service you can avoid the need to be
PCI compliant if you configure your payment processing integration
correctly.

You avoid the need to undergo PCI auditing if you configure your payment
processing integration as recommended because your server is not
required to handle confidential payment card data.

Instead, Amazon Payment Services will always handle sensitive payment
card data and you, the merchant, will not need to pass PCI compliance
standards. However, that is only true under certain circumstances and
only if your payment integration is coded correctly.

What is PCI compliance?
-----------------------

PCI compliance refers to compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data
Security Standard (PCI DSS). It is a standard centered around a set of
requirements intended to protect the private financial data of your
customers.

Becoming PCI compliant means that your business has passed an audit by a
qualified PCI auditor. In some circumstances it may mean that an on-site
audit was performed.

Do I need to be concerned about PCI compliance?
-----------------------------------------------

Ensuring that your customers shop safely should always be a priority,
but your business does not necessarily need to undergo a PCI compliance
audit just because it sells online.

PCI compliance applies to businesses that handle, store or transmit
payment card data. If you correctly configure your Amazon Payment
Services merchant facility [using our recommended integration
routes](20.md) (including standard and custom merchant page
integration) your server will not handle payment card data.

In turn, because your business is not handling payment card data, it
does not need to pass PCI compliance standards.

Note that the above is only valid if you configure your payment
processing solution so that your server never receives or stores payment
card data.

Trusted channel
---------------

If your company is already PCI compliant you can rely on Amazon Payment
Services as a dependable billing partner. We can use the payment card
data that you already hold to process transactions effortlessly and
efficiently.

As a PCI compliant merchant, you can receive, manipulate and store
confidential payment card data on your server. In turn, you may choose
to use our trusted channel to process payments using the payment card
data you already hold.

[Read more about the trusted channel here](37.md).

Help with compliance
--------------------

Using Amazon Payment Services as your payments partner may remove the
need to become PCI compliant. You should nonetheless ensure that your
implementation does not leave you exposed to compliance risks. Our team
can help - get in touch with the Amazon Payment Services team to discuss
your compliance concerns. Just message our support team at
<merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
