Data mining
=================

Merchants that process large volumes of e-commerce transactions can gain
deep insight into transaction performance and behavior by data-mining
transaction data thanks to the Amazon Payment Services reporting API.

Using our reporting API you can develop a custom-coded reporting tool
that draws key insights into how your merchant account performs --
giving you the data you need to tweak payment processing for maximum
performance.

What data can I access with the reporting API?
----------------------------------------------

With a query limit of 200,000 records, our reporting API allows you to
retrieve a long history of transaction data.

Our reporting API can deliver a data stream that does not contain
sensitive payment card data so you can safely retrieve and store, for
future reference, the data generated by our reporting API.

You can retrieve as little or as much data as your application
requirements demand. Fields that you can retrieve via the reporting API
include:

-   **Transaction IDs.** Including Amazon Payment Services ID, merchant
    reference number, and the authorization code generated by the
    third-party responsible for processing the transaction. Where
    relevant an invoice ID and payment link ID can also be retrieved.

-   **Customer details.** The customer name and e-mail address, IP
    address at the time of generating the transaction as well as the
    geolocation of your customer.

-   **Acquirer data.** Retrieve the name of the acquirer and the
    acquirer ID or request the acquirer response code and message.

-   **Card details.** Obtain card details specific to each transaction
    including the card BIN, the expiry date, the name on the card, and
    the card number, where allowed. You can also retrieve details of the
    payment option used -- debit or credit card, for example.

-   **Transaction data.** The reporting API can also supply you with
    transaction details such as the date of the transaction, the amount
    involved as well as the currency used, and the order data and the
    order description. Finally, you can also retrieve the transaction
    status code.

-   **Response data.** You can analyze the responses received from
    Amazon Payment Services by requesting the response code and response
    message for transactions. The reporting API also supports retrieval
    of the acquirer response code and message.

-   **Operational data.** The reporting API enables you to recall
    operational data including the ECI (e-commerce indicator) associated
    with a transaction, as well as the operation type -- authorization,
    refund, void authorization, capture, purchase, etc. You can also
    retrieve the token name associated with the transaction.

-   **Security parameters.** Our reporting API can return values that
    confirm the 3D Secure status of the transaction alongside a fraud
    indicator which confirms whether a fraud check was performed on the
    transaction.

The above is a summary of the responses that you can retrieve using the
data mining API. For a full list please view the API reference for our
reporting API.

Back office reporting UI
------------------------

You don't need to write code to enjoy comprehensive transaction reports.
Instead, simply point and click to configure a report by using our
reports tool that can generate both financial and transaction reports in
an instant.

[Read more about back office reporting here](62.md).

Get in touch
------------

Amazon Payment Services can supply the reporting data you require --
where and when you need it. Any questions about our reporting tools --
including the reporting API? Just message our support team at
<merchantsupport-ps@amazon.com>.
